# Interesting projects to do, they have a substantial ammount of happiness or usefulness in them. And are lengthy and good.

#1. Create a messaging app to replace whatsupp and all the sort.
So that THERE IS a limited number of words and sentences that a user can send per week AND there is NO profile picture and you can send NO voice notes NOR videos. You can also send NO PICTURES.

# 2. Erudite language draw. 
In any language or country. Go to a elder people residence. These girls and guys do nothing all day except sleep and eat and shit. Somebody should tell them in their own language how to do cool things in life ma girls. First thing teach them how to kindda draw. How to draw Trump. To each of them. How to draw it with a pen. Easy and nicely. Then, for each character choosing some cult words in the language of the country where the elders reside, and construct a nice sentence. Today is January 30th 2019. Trump is attacking Maduro's regime economically, by doing an embargo of all of the oil gains that Venezuelans have. Venezuelan's economy gets 80% of its benefit from selling oil. Thus, Maduro's regime is clearly critical. Today I think that Maduro will prevail, and that maybe they do elections and win, but EEUU will not manage to enter Venezuela and change the regime as they always did. Well, what about saying that "A bellicose Trump, gainsays a sanguinely saturnine Maduro over the Venezuelan imbroglio" ? pretty a nice sentence right? It is based on page 159 of the GRE preparation book "Cracking the GRE premium 2017 edition", from The Princeton Review. Another sentence that would describe the feeling in the house of commons in UK as PM May has only 58 days left before no deal Brexit becomes a fact (20th of March 2019 or so) is: "A puerile PM remonstrates with pellucid arguments, like a mendicant on the front door of an anglican church, and in a jejune and meretricious fashion, against an ossifying and minatory EU. Such a spectacle leaves the house of commons nonplussed." Nice words right? Now draw the image of the two different pictures. This is a great exercise to practice both vocabulary, grammar in a languange, and to practice your drawing skills! ma Girls! 

More senties:

"Obstreperous trump against a plangent Maduro over the Venezuelan debacle"
